the spectrum of tasks and skills and missions that you will experience
an aviation field are are almost infinite. I could not enumerated every
single one that will help you grow as a person and an officer.
But generally speaking, the interaction with people and how you deal
with it helps you learn a lot about yourself, helps you hone your leadership
skills, as you might imagine. And that's one of the best things
about being in the military. You really learn a lot about yourself
when you're making decisions. If you're an introspective person
and think about what you did and you're willing to learn from your
mistakes, your interactions with people can certainly show that on.
That's one of the biggest things I'd say That's fairly generic, and
I think that is a cross community of borders. But it's still true nonetheless.
Generally speaking, also, you know, being in the Navy, you're
going to see a lot of things, a lot of things that you would never
see if you stayed in a private or civilian sector. It gives you
perspective on the world, gives you perspective on people. It will help
you encounter people that you otherwise wouldn't have encountered,
and he will. You will be generally a better person for those experience
experiences